chore: add kotlin version of code (#1290)
react-navigation/react-navigation.github.io: versioned_docs/version-6.x/getting-started.md

```

`react-native-screens` package requires one additional configuration step to properly

> work on Android devices. Edit `MainActivity.kt` file which is located in `android/app/src/main/java/<your package name>/MainActivity.kt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work on Android devices. Edit `MainActivity.kt` or `MainActivity.java` file which is located under `android/app/src/main/java/<your package name>/`.
```
